Keyboard shortcuts documentation edits (#2281)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/design/keyboard-shortcuts.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Keyboard shortcuts are in preview. Please experiment with them in a development or testing environment but don't add them to a production add-in.

> 

Author: I added "Add" but keeping the title general in terms of Office Add-ins. Hoping we can bring the same capabilities over to PPT and Word soon. Excel is also noted in the limitations right below the title.

> 

Author: Yes exactly. It's a sibling element. I'll add a XML snippet in the next commit to clarify.

## Create or edit the extended overrides JSON file

If there isn't one already, create a JSON file at the path that you use in development for the `Url` attribute of the [ExtendedOverrides](../reference/manifest/extendedoverrides.md) element. This file will contain the definitions for our keyboard shortcuts, as well as the actions that will be invoked using the keyboard shortcuts.

1. Be sure there is an outermost pair of braces (`{ }`)in the file.
1. Just inside this outermost object, add the following JSON markup. Note that the file must be proper JSON, not simple a JavaScript object, so the property names must be within quotation marks.

    ```javascript
    {
        "actions": [
        ],
        "shortcuts": [
        ]
    }
    ```

1. The actions array will contain objects that define the actions to be invoked. Here is an example. 
    ```javascript
    {
        "actions": [
            {
                "id": "SHOWTASKPANE",
                "type": "ExecuteFunction",
                "name": "Show taskpane for add-in"
            },
            {
                "id": "HIDETASKPANE",
                "type": "ExecuteFunction",

>                 "name": "Hide taskpane for add-in"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "name": "Hide task pane for add-in"
```

            }
        ]
    }
    ```

>    Note the following about this markup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the following guidelines when specifying the JSON to describe your custom keyboard shortcuts:
```

   - The property names `id` and `name` are mandatory.

>    - The `id` property is used by extension points (such as shortcuts in next step) to determine what action to invoke using a keyboard shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The `id` property uniquely identifies the shortcut. For example, it is used to map each shortcut to one or more actions in the JSON.
```
Trying to rewrite this to avoid "extension points" as that sounds like a larger explanation is needed.

   - The `name` property must be a user friendly string describing the action. It must be a combination of the characters A - Z, a - z, 0 - 9, and the punctuation marks "-", "_", and "+".

>    - The `type` property is optional, currently only `ExecuteFunction` type is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The `type` property is optional. Currently only `ExecuteFunction` type is supported.
```

    }
    ```

>    Note the following about this markup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the following guidelines when specifying the JSON to describe actions for your keyboard shortcuts:
```

>     - The property names `action`, `key`, and `default` are mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The property names `action`, `key`, and `default` are required.
```

    - The value of the `action` property is a string and must match one of the `id` properties in the action object.
    - The `default` property can be any combination of the characters A - Z, a -z, 0 - 9, and the punctuation marks "-", "_", and "+". (By convention lower case letters are not used in these properties.)
    - The `default` property must contain the name of at least one modifier key (ALT, CTRL, SHIFT) and at least one other key. 
    - For Macs, ALT is mapped to the OPTION key and CTRL is mapped to the COMMAND key.
    - When two characters are linked to the same physical key in a standard keyboard, then they are synonyms in the `default` property; for example, ALT+a and ALT+A are the same shortcut, so are CTRL+- and CTRL+\_ because "-" and "_" are the same physical key.
    - The "+" character indicates that the keys on either side of it are pressed simultaneously.

>     - In a later step, the actions will themselves be mapped to functions that you write. In this example, you will later map SHOWTASKPANE to a function that calls the `Office.addin.showAsTaskpane` method and HIDETASKPANE to a function that calls the `Office.addin.hide` method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a later step, the actions will themselves be mapped to functions that you write. In this example, you will later map SHOWTASKPANE to a function that calls the `Office.addin.showAsTaskpane` method and HIDETASKPANE to a function that calls the `Office.addin.hide` method. 
```
This doesn't seem like a guideline but just forward looking info.

    }
    ```

## Create a mapping of actions to their functions

> 1. Be sure that the HTML file that the `<FunctionFile>` element in the manifest points to has a `<script>` tag that loads a custom JavaScript file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your project, open the JavaScript file loaded by your main HTML page.
```

It seems weird to get into details of specifying the manifest mapping, and also a script tag isn't always used for the load. Hoping this is a little clearer.

BTW:  Wouldn't you just call these associate APIs from your Office.onReady()?

> 1. In the JavaScript file, use calls of the [Office.actions.associate](/javascript/api/office/office.actions#associate) API to map a function to each action that you used in the JSON file. To begin add the following to the file. Note the following about this code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the JavaScript file, use the [Office.actions.associate](/javascript/api/office/office.actions#associate) API to map each action that you specified in the JSON file to a JavaScript function. Add the following JavaScript to the file. Note the following about the code:
```

    - The first parameter is one of the actions from the JSON file.
    - The second parameter is the function that runs when a user presses the key combination that is mapped to the action in the JSON file.

    ```javascript

>     Office.actions.associate('-- action ID goes here--', function () {

Reviewer: Again, wouldn't you put this in Office.onReady() so that it doesn't run before Office is ready?

Author: This API relies on Office.js to be loaded but not for Office.onReady(). For e.g.
<script src=”https://appsforoffice.microsoft.com/1.0/office.js” ></script>
<script>
              Office.actions.associate(“foo”, function() { });
</script>

Unlike other Rich APIs, it doesn't require Office.onReady(). It is similar to CustomFunctions.Associate() in technical behavior.
